it's not gonna live in a dream
also here's accomplished that's where we
got our name from actually arc angels a
RC Tori that's where the band started
Robert Craig called and I there's a band
the Archangels we'd known him for years
Tommy I had not as if we wanted to play
start out just doing songs that we all
start off with basically up the whole
Ahana road the first on the road
together living in a dream we broke that
here he came in with the idea these guys
played Steve for a long time we all knew
we all met through Steven basically we
talked about this before Stevie's death
Charlie hit this room had a room up
front so anyhow with all this this would
be a good thing to get together you play
few shows and have some fun
the hallway of the officer was a complex
up-and-coming band from Austin
rehearsing at the mama that's me my
brother there's a Stevie and Tommy
Mercury a few years
practicing for the marriage doesn't look
right to me
you know it was right handy in America I
lost about five
my father Gordon having fun you know he
had taught me a lot about singing and
Tom had played drums taught me how to
play your time and coming up with a
Jimmy Reed I'm gonna tell me other like
songs summer long
we wrote say fireman with my father and
Mark gonna while we were fishing catfish
catfish was so big broke my pole
beautiful day here record rainfall I
should know here in Texas this year
little history here I'm here at 6th
Street Brazos and right here where this
Kinkos copier is on this corner used to
be the original Antone's
Club where he brought Bobby bland Buddy
Guy Muddy Waters BB King put my first
gig at the Continental Club
my 11th birthday tell you up-and-coming
musicians out there often is a good
place to work on your craft sort of like
a furniture maker in the forest you know
me lots of wood
yeah furniture what's good way to put it
Texters human
whilst even as companies just from if
you look at history he's uh since always
been involved and he's really gonna love
it man
taking a song you know you ride it and
he had it there just for me
trans positive man but a lot of the
stuff we did you know I mean he was very
very important to the whole process
this is definitely a touring band is
that a good thing a strong point to this
family if I played in a lot of different
cities so you got to go you got to go
out on the road to get to the next city
she I'm looking forward
I'm talking about being born in the 60s
and almost safety
swear
I know he just said it but I want to
have a great big round of applause on
the bass mr. Tommy Shannon directly
behind us on the drums mr. Chris whipper
Layton over here on stage right mr.
Doyle Bramhall - too much fun over there
was no Charlie
so we're wagon